Here it goes, ah, lets start with the obvious. Excuse me is that your nose, or did a bus park on your face?
Actually when you were born, the doctor slapped your mother.
If I had a dog with a face like yours, I would shave its ass, and teach them to walk backwards. (What did you say?)
I’ll use small words to be sure that you understand, you wart hog faced Buffoon
You pompous, stuck up, snot nose, English giant Twerp, scum bag, fuck face, dick head, ass hole.
You stuck up, half witted, scruffy looking, Nerf herder!
You clicking, clanking, clattering collection of Collagenous junk.
You shit kicking stinky horse manure smelling motherfucker you.
You dirt eating piece of slime, you scum sucking pig, you son of a motherless goat.
How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil. You eunuch jelly thou
No business-bon, insecure junk yard motherfucker!
You’re a fuckin secretary, fuck you! Ya – That’s my message to you, fuck you and you can kiss my ass.
You are an emotional fuckin cripple, your soul is dog-shit, every single fuckin thing about you is ugly.
You are physically repulsive, intellectually retarded, vulgar insensitive selfish, stupid, you have no taste a lousy sense of humor and you smell.
I don’t like your jerk-off name! I don’t like your jerk-off face. I don’t like your jerk-off behavior and I don’t like you, jerk-off.
You’re a cunt, your a cunt now, you’ve always been a cunt. And the only thing that’s gonna change is that you will become an even bigger cunt. Maybe have some more cunt kids.
Looks like to me like the best part of you ran down the crack of your momma ass and ended up as a brown stain on the mattress.
You’re just an after birth Elie , you slithered out on your mother’s filth. They should of put you in a glass jar on the mantle piece!
You are a sad strange little man, and you have my pity
Rumwood piss on your gums if your teeth were on fire!
There is a name for you ladies, but it isn’t used in High Society, outside of a kennel.
You one ugly mutherfucker!
You, you're okay! This one, real fuckin ugly!
You're incapable of running this shit, sit your five dollar ass down, before I make change.
What you just said is one of the most insanely, idiotic things I have ever heard. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. May God have mercy on your soul.
Allow me to pop a jaunty little bonnet on your purview and ram it up your shitter with a lubricated horse cock!
I can see you right now in the kitchen bending over a hot stove, but I can’t see the stove.
Hey, hey hey, loosen up, will you, you’re a lot of women, you know that. You want to make 14 dollars the hard way.
Oh I’m sorry. How would you like to suck my balls Mr. Garrison?
You should go clone yourself, so you can go fuck yourself!
I tea bag your fucking drum set!
You two are just dumber than a bag of hammers.
You climb obstacles like old people fuck, you know that Private Pyle
I crap bigger than you.
I used to fuck guys like you in prison.
Listening, your mother sucks fuckin big fuckin elephant dicks, you got that?
Fuckface Fuckface – who’s speaking to you? He asked him didn’t he? Fuckface, I like that one Errol, I’ll have to remember that one next time I’m climbin off your mum
Shut up idiot! Moron! Puss licker! Fart smeller! You eat dog crap for breakfast! Geek! You play ball like a girl!
People who are talking metaphor ought to shampoo my crotch.
Never seen so many backwards ass country fucks in my life.
You stupid ignorant son of a bitch, dumb bastard! Jesus Christ, I met some dumb bastards in my time but you out do them all, get over there.
You stupid fuckin cunt. You Willianson, I’m talking to you shit head! Where did you learn your trade, you stupid fuckin cunt, you idiot!
Tommy, if I was going to break your balls I would ask you to go home and get your shine box. Now go home and get your shine box! Mutherfuckin –
Cheap lying, no good lying, rotten, form fleshing dickless hopeless, heartless, bug eyed stiff legged spider lipped worm head sack of monkey shit, he is!
The day I need a friend like you, I’d just have myself a little squad shit on out.
I’ll rip out your eyes and piss on your brain.
I’ll shove that bat up your ass, and turn you into a Popsicle.
Listen, you snot nosed little shit, I was takin shrapnel in Khe Sanh, while you were crapping in your hands and rubbing it on your face.
I don’t give a tuppany fuck about your moral conundrum you meat head shit sack.
Are you going to bark all day, little doggy! Or are you gonna bite?
That’s what I thought. You’re a gutless turd.
You look like the vermin ridden son of bitch you are!
I bet you are the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the god damn courtesy to give them the reach around.
Hell, son, you are as useful as a cock flavored lollipop.
Hey, Frank. You a piece of shit!
You know what son you are, you are the son of a thousand fathers all bastards like you.
You are a smelly pirate hooker. Why don’t you go back to your home on whore island!
First, take a big step back, and literally fuck your own face!
You’re the problem, you’re the fuckin problem! You fucking doctor white honkin jam-rag fucking spunk bubble
Kiss my sweaty balls you fat fuck.
You teutonic twat.
Shut that cunts mouth or I will come over there and fuck start her head.
You cock juggling thunder cunt!
Hey, try not to suck dick on your way through the parking lot!
You insignifi-cunt lady fuck!
Stick your cock up her ass you muther fucker worthless cock sucker!
Shit it ain’t son of a bitch, bastard douche bag, twat, dick head.
Boy, I wouldn’t give a squirt of piss for your ass right now!
For me, you are somewhere between a cockroach and the white stuff that accumulates at the corner of your mouth when your really thirsty.
You're a real boring fuck. Sorry, sorry I know you disapprove of swearing so, you are a boring F (star*) (star*) cunt.
Ah, I fart in your general direction, your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of eddiberries.
If I had a dick, this is where I would tell you to suck it!
And further more, you can all go fuck yourselves!
Frankly, my dear I don’t give a damn!
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You'll never be the man your mother is.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
If you are going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
error
You're the reason they invented double doors!
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You bring everyone a lot of joy,  when you leave the room.
error
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a smarter statement than that.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You're so ugly, when you popped out the doctor said "Aww what a treasure" and your mom said "Yeah, lets bury it."
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
If you're gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you're just an ass.
You shouldn't play hide and seek, no one would look for you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Somewhere out there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology.
I don't exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
At least when I do a handstand my stomach doesn't hit me in the face.
Maybe if you ate some of that makeup you could be pretty on the inside.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
You're so ugly you scare the shit back into people.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
If you are going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
error
You're the reason they invented double doors!
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You bring everyone a lot of joy,  when you leave the room.
error
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a smarter statement than that.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You're so ugly, when you popped out the doctor said "Aww what a treasure" and your mom said "Yeah, lets bury it."
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
If you're gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you're just an ass.
You shouldn't play hide and seek, no one would look for you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Somewhere out there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology.
I don't exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
At least when I do a handstand my stomach doesn't hit me in the face.
Maybe if you ate some of that makeup you could be pretty on the inside.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
You're so ugly you scare the shit back into people.
Hey, you have somthing on your chin... no, the 3rd one down
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants his butt back?
How many times do I have to flush to get rid of you?
I'd slap you, but shit stains.
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
Oh my God, look at you. Was anyone else hurt in the accident?
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable -- like a coma.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
If I were to slap you, it would be considered animal abuse!
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Well I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
You're not funny, but your life, now that's a joke.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
You have two brains cells, one is lost and the other is out looking for it.
The last time I saw a face like yours I fed it a banana.
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
You're so ugly, when you threw a boomerang it didn't come back.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts, I'd get change.
What are you doing here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Do you know how long it takes for your mother to take a crap? Nine months.
I'd like to kick you in the teeth, but that would be an improvement!
There are more calories in your stomach than in the local supermarket!
Why don't you check eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
I'll never forget the first time we met, although I'll keep trying.
You are proof that God has a sense of humor.
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit
You look like something I'd draw with my left hand.
You're so ugly, when you got robbed, the robbers made you wear their masks.
You're as bright as a black hole, and twice as dense.
You're so ugly, the only dates you get are on a calendar.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
You didn't fall out of the stupid tree. You were dragged through dumbass forest.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
You're as useless as a knitted condom.
error
Looks like you traded in your neck for an extra chin!
So you've changed your mind, does this one work any better?
If your brain was made of chocolate, it wouldn't fill an M&M.;
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
I fart to make you smell better.
You're so fat, when you wear a yellow rain coat people scream ''taxi''.
You're so ugly you make blind kids cry.
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge; you only gargled.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
It's kinda sad watching you attempt to fit your entire vocabulary into a sentence.
You're a person of rare intelligence. It's rare when you show any.
Your hockey team made you goalie so you'd have to wear a mask.
I heard your parents took you to a dog show and you won.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
Your parents hated you so much your bath toys were an iron and a toaster
Learn from your parents' mistakes - use birth control!
When was the last time you could see your whole body in the mirror?
Your face makes onions cry.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down.
Just wait till you can't fit your hand in the Pringles tubes, then where will you get your daily nutrition from?
I thought you were attractive, but then you opened your mouth.
If my dog had your face, I would shave his butt and make him walk backwards.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
You're so stupid you tried to wake a sleeping bag.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!
Why dont you shut up and give that hole in your face a chance to heal.
I'm no proctologist, but I know as asshole when I see one.
I heard you went to a haunted house and they offered you a job.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
With a face like yours, I'd wish I was blind.
Looks aren't everything; in your case, they aren't anything
If brains were dynamite you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose.
You have enough fat to make another human.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back!
You're so ugly, you had tinted windows on your incubator.
You get as much action as a nine button on a microwave.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
Am I getting smart with you? How would you know?
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the 'impression' that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
If assholes could fly, this place would be an airport!
You're so dumb, your dog teaches you tricks.
You only annoy me when you're breathing.
You fear success, but really have nothing to worry about.
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
