I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90 % of their body... men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
Life is all about perspective. The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
Relationships are a lot like algebra.  Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
Just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?
You know that tingly little feeling you get when you like someone? That's your common sense leaving your body.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.
I can totally keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
What's the difference between your wife and your job? After five years your job will still suck.
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damage.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
Money talks ...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
You're not fat, you're just... easier to see.
That awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is "act natural, you're innocent".
You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
How do I disable the autocorrect function on my wife?
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not too sure.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
My wife is so negative. I remembered the car seat, the stroller, AND the diaper bag. Yet all she can talk about is how I forgot the baby.
If you think nobody cares whether you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that.
I changed my password to "incorrect". So whenever I forget what it is the computer will say "Your password is incorrect".
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
The difference between "Girlfriend" and "Girl Friend" is that little space in between we call the "Friend Zone".
Never get on one knee for a girl who won't get on two for you.
Intelligence is like an underwear. It is important that you have it, but not necessary that you show it off.
Never laugh at your girlfriends choices... your one of them.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
I hate when I am about to hug someone really sexy and my face hits the mirror.
Childs experience: if a mother is laughing at the fathers jokes, it means they have guests.
Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.
When an employment application asks who is to be notified in case of emergency, I always write, "A very good doctor".
My wife had her driver's test the other day. She got 8 out of 10. The other 2 guys jumped clear.
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
Is google a woman? Because it won't let you finish your sentence without coming up with other suggestions.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
Before I criticize a man, I like to walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when I do criticize him, I'm a mile away and I have his shoes.
Entered what I ate today into my new fitness app and it just sent an ambulance to my house.
There are three kinds of people: Those who can count and those who can't.
I named my hard drive "dat ass" so once a month my computer asks if I want to 'back dat ass up'.
My mom said that if I don't get off my computer and do my homework she'll slam my head on the keyboard, but I think she's jokinfjreoiwjrtwe4to8rkljreun8f4ny84c8y4t58lym4wthylmhawt4mylt4amlathnatyn
There are two rules for success: 1) Don't tell all you know.
If you see me smiling it's because I'm thinking of doing something evil or naughty. If you see me laughing it's because I've already done it.
Wifi went down during family dinner tonight. One kid started talking and I didn't know who he was.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
I'm really good at stuff until people watch me do that stuff.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
Love is telling someone to go to hell and worrying about them getting there safely.
I sometimes watch birds and wonder "If I could fly who would I shit on?"
Outvoted 1-1 by my wife again.
Telling a girl to calm down works about as well as trying to baptize a cat.
A conclusion is the part where you got tired of thinking.
If you're not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
A good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong.
I haven't spoken to my wife for 18 months- I don't like to interrupt her.
When Miley Cyrus gets naked & licks a hammer it's "art" & "music". But when I do it, I'm "drunk" and "have to leave the hardware store".
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust.
If I ever need a heart transplant, I'd want my ex's. It's never been used.
The light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off due to budget cuts.
I am a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I am perfect.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
The reward for a job well done is more work.
I've been repeating the same mistakes in life for so long now, I think I'll start calling them traditions.
When I call a family meeting I turn off the house wifi and wait for them all to come running.
My son asked me what it's like to be married so I told him to leave me alone and when he did I asked him why he was ignoring me.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
Funny how they say we need to talk when they really mean you need to listen.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on.
Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things.
Women spend more time wondering what men are thinking than men spend thinking.
I like to finish other people's sentences because... my version is better.
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?" Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
There are few things I enjoy more than picking an argument with my girlfriend when she has the hiccups.
Why is the day that you do laundry, cook, clean, iron and so on, called a day off?
Dear alcohol, We had a deal where you would make me funnier, smarter, and a better dancer... I saw the video... we need to talk.
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
I like you. You remind me of when I was young and stupid.
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
My ex wrote to me: Can you delete my number? I responded: Who is this?
Nothing ruins a Friday more than an understanding that today is Tuesday.
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
When I told the doctor about my loss of memory, he made me pay in advance.
Best friends: Ready to die for each other, but will fight to the death over the last slice of pizza.
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
My job is secure. No one else wants it.
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
Whatever you do always give 100 %. Unless you are donating blood.
For maximum attention, nothing beats a good mistake.
I asked my wife if she ever fantasizes about me, she said yes - about me taking out the trash, mowing the lawn, and doing the dishes.
Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them...
The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
Top 3 situations that require witnesses:

1) Crimes
2) Accidents
3) Marriages

Need I say more?
She wanted a puppy. But I didn't want a puppy. So we compromised and got a puppy.
I eat my tacos over a Tortilla. That way when stuff falls out, BOOM, another taco.
My internet is so slow, it's just faster to drive to the Google headquarters and ask them shit in person.
Friends wave red flags when you have a bad idea.  Real friends pick up a camera.
The trouble with unemployment is that the minute you wake up in the morning you're on the job.
Behind every successful student, there is a deactivated Facebook account.
Moses was leading his people through the desert for 40 years. It seems, even in Biblical times men avoided asking the way.
It is much easier to apologize than to ask permission.
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I have never understood why women love cats. Cats are independent, they don't listen, they don't come in when you call, they like to stay out all night, and when they're home they like to be left alone and sleep. In other words, every quality that women hate in a man, they love in a cat.
I typed "married" but it was auto-corrected to "martyred". Damn,smartphone has gained intelligence.
Every time you talk to your wife, your mind should remember that... 'This conversation will be recorded for Training and Quality purpose'
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
One day you're the best thing since sliced bread. The next, you're toast.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
Escalators don't break down... they just turn into stairs.
Turtles think frogs are homeless.
I would give my dad what he really wants on Father's Day, but I can't afford to move out yet.
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was Always.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Why is it everything I love is either unhealthy, addicting or has multiple restraining orders against me?
A straight face and a sincere-sounding "Huh?" have gotten me out of more trouble than I can remember.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying? The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.
I'm the kind of guy who stops the microwave at 1 second just to feel like a bomb defuser.
Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Adults are always asking little kids what they want to be when they grow up because they're looking for ideas.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep.
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
I think it's wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
Why does it feel like time slows down during the day when you're at work and rapidly speeds up at night when you get home?
Whoever said nothing is impossible is a liar. I've been doing nothing for years.
I remember when Halloween was the scariest night of the year. Now, it's Election night.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
I bet you I could stop gambling.
Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
The grass may be greener on the other side but at least you don't have to mow it.
Being a hypochondriac is going to save my life one of these days
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
That awkward moment when you're in a meeting and your stomach decides to sound like a dying whale.
People are making end of the world jokes. Like there is no tomorrow.
If at first you don't succeed, we have a lot in common.
Never break someone's heart because they have only one inside...break their bones because they have 206 of them.
The best things in life are free *plus shipping and handling*
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
My girlfriends dad asked me what I do. Apparently, "your daughter" wasn't the right answer.
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
An optimist believes that we live in the best world. A pessimist is afraid that it might be true.
Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?
Everyone has a friend who laughs funnier than he jokes.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
People say money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you had enough money, you can have a key made.
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Don't be irreplaceable - if you cannot be replaced, you cannot be promoted.
TRUE FRIENDSHIP: Walking into a persons house and your wifi connects automatically.
My superpower is making people laugh. Which would be great if I was trying to be funny.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Friends are forever. Until they get in a relationship.
Your life doesn't get better by chance. It gets better by choice.
Autocorrect just changed "I have so much anxiety I can barely breathe" to "I'm fine."
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I like birthdays, but I think too many can kill you.
What language are you speaking? Cause it sounds like bullshit.
My wife and I always compromise. I admit I'm wrong and she agrees with me.
If time is money are ATM's time machines?
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
Dear Couples Who Fight In Public, stop trying to whisper and would it kill you to include some backstory.
The deeper the pit you're falling into, the more chance you have to learn how to fly.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
The lesson of Halloween is that pretending to be something you're not will lead to a sweet reward.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems.
Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation? Because she threw out all the bent ones.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
Some people say "If you can't beat them, join them". I say "If you can't beat them, beat them", because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise.
According to most studies, people's number one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. Death is number two. Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy.
Time waits for no man, time is obviously a woman.
For once in my life, I'd like to get up in the morning and be as excited about it as my penis.
Hit snooze until the panic sets in.
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it.
Accidentally pooped my pants in the elevator. I'm taking this shit to a whole new level.
Sometimes the first step to forgiveness, is realising the other person was born an idiot.
I don't think you act stupid, I'm sure it's the real thing.
I work to buy a car to go to work.
We are all time travelers moving at the speed of exactly 60 minutes per hour.
I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
Before having a kid the most important thing to ask yourself is "Am I ready to watch the exact same cartoon on repeat for the next 4 years?"
Do you know what it means to come home to a man who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house.
I think that if I died and went straight to hell it would take me at least a week to realize I wasn't at work anymore.
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
People who write "u" instead of "you". What do you do with all the time you save?
Women should not have children after 35. Really ... 35 children are enough.
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have.
Turning vegan is a big missed steak.
Refusing to go to the gym counts as resistance training, right?
I saw a sign that said "Watch for children" and I thought, "That sounds like a fair trade".
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so I got drunk.
Life isn't about winning and losing. It's about wishing you would have won and wondering why you lost.
I need to start paying closer attention to stuff. Found out today my wife and I have separate names for the cat.
What's six inches long, two inches wide, and drives women wild? Money.
If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea ... does that mean that one enjoys it?
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
Any room is a panic room if you've lost your phone in it.
If procrastionation was an Olympic sport, I'd compete in it later.
Yesterday, I fell down from a 10 meter ladder. Thank God I was on the third step.
How do you embarrass an archeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
There is a new trend in our office; everyone is putting names on their food. I saw it today, while I was eating a sandwich named Kevin.
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
What can strike a blonde without her even knowing it? A thought.
Makeup tip: You're not in the circus.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
We never knew he was a drunk... until he showed up to work sober.
Diplomacy is the art of sending someone to hell in the way that they are looking forward to it.
I bet you $4,567.89 you can't guess how much I owe my bookie.
Remember, everyone seems normal until you get to know them...
I don't have an attitude; I have a personality you can't handle.
It's not a relationship until you argue about whose turn it is to apologize.
I always tell new hires, don't think of me as your boss, think of me as your friend who can fire you.
I am known at the gym as the "before picture."
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
It's funny, when I walk into a spider web I demolish his home and misplace his dinner yet I still feel like the victim.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Doing things that you are not supposed to do at work makes your vision, hearing and alertness much better.
My life is an open book. But it's very poorly written and I die in the end.
You're slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
It doesn't matter how much you work, there will always be an asshole that works less but gets more.
My speech today will be like a mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to hold your attention!
When I get naked in the bathroom, the shower usually gets turned on.
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
Letting the cat out of the bag is a whole lot easier than putting it back in.
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down.
Thieves had broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant. Dirty Bastards.
My kids are very optimistic.  Every glass they leave sitting around the house is at least half full.
When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this."
I'm sorry I wasn't part of your past, can I make it up by being in your future?
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
A friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but I soon realized that toucan play at that game.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again!
"Excuse me miss, can I have the time? I'd check my watch but I can't take my eyes off you."
My husband is on the roof - only a few inches away from an insurance claim that could completely change my life.
I am on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back.
Success is like pregnancy. Everybody congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to achieve it.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
The reason grandchildren and grandparents get along so well is because they have a common "enemy".
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
People used to laugh at me when I would say "I want to be a comedian", well nobody's laughing now.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? "Are you sure it's mine?"
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
My first job was working in an orange juice factory, but I got canned: couldn't concentrate.
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? A wet nose.
I think they picked me for my motivational skills. Everyone always says they have to work twice as hard when I'm around!
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
A man enters a store and says: "15 litres of wine please." "Did you bring a container for this?" "You're speaking to it."
I'm here for whatever you need me to do from the couch.
The dinner I was cooking for my family was going to be a surprise but the fire trucks ruined it.
We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
What was Forrest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
I'm good at multitasking and procrastinating, which means right now there are at least 28 things that I'm putting off until later.
College is the opposite of kidnapping. They demand $100,000 from you or they'll send your kid back.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I have as much authority as the Pope, i just don't have as many people who believe it.
Whenever i have a headache,i take two asprins and keep away the children,like the bottle says
What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette? Artificial intelligence.
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na..
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
That awkward moment when you're about to hug someone sexy as hell and then you hit the mirror.
Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team? Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.
Why can't you play Uno with a Mexican? They steal all the green cards.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
How many times do I have to flush before you go away?
Father's day, the most confusing day in the ghetto.
How is a woman like a condom? Both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale? A northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time ..." A southern fairytale begins "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ..."
I don't approve of political jokes...I've seen too many of them get elected.
He doesn't know the meaning of fear... but then again, he doesn't know the meaning of MOST words.
I'm looking at the serving size of Laughing Cow cheese and I see why the cow is laughing.
You're like school in the summertime - no class.
What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common? One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
I don't think you are stupid. You just have a bad luck when thinking.
The last airline I flew charged for everything. Except for the bad service. That was free.
Masturbation is like procrastination, it's all good and fun until you realize you are only fucking yourself!
Wouldn't exercise be more fun if calories screamed while you burned them?
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
If you can go to the gym without telling people on the Internet, you are instantly hired by the CIA.
I thought I was just really tired but it's been 5 years so I guess this is how I look now.
My wife sent her photograph to the Lonely Hearts Club. They sent it back saying they weren't that lonely.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
How do you make a blonde's eyes light up? Shine a flashlight in their ear.
3 people having sex is a threesome, 2 is a twosome. So next time someone calls you 'HANDSOME', don't take it as a compliment!
A clean house is a sign of a misspent life.
Never trust a dog to watch your food.
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
Do you wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat? Cut off your head.
If bullshit could float...you'd be the Admiral of the fleet!
Three words to ruin a man's ego...? "Is it in?"
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis? You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
What is the difference between "ooooooh"and "aaaaaaah"? About three inches.
My daughter told me she wants to be a secret agent. Based on that alone, I don't think she'd be a good secret agent.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
I'm having an introvert party and you're all not invited.
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
I am so poor I can't even pay attention.
Before I tell my wife something important, I take both her hands in mine. That way she can't hit me with them.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Feeling stressed out? Make a nice cup of hot tea and then spill it in the lap of whoever's bugging you.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away.
Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
A procrastinator's work is never done.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue.
It's not often that one gets the opportunity to speak about someone intelligent, respected and admired. Unfortunately tonight I have to talk about (NAME).
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Always identify who to blame in an emergency.
If a guy remembers the color of your eyes after the first date, chances are... you have small boobs.
Anger; the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
If you don't like the news, go out and make some.
Dont be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone.
My parents won't say which of their six kids they love the best, but they have told me I finished just out of the top five.
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
Imagine being 5 minutes from the end of the longest movie ever & it starts over because it forgot something. That's my kid telling a story.
A girl phoned me the other day and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
Oh, you're straight? Well, so is spaghetti until it gets hot and wet.
What do women and police cars have in common? They both make a lot of noise to let you know they are coming.
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
I hate insects puns, they really bug me.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used rubbers? One is a Goodyear and the other is a great year.
Only a widow can say exactly where her husband is.
I'm multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
Never underestimate a woman's ability to make anything your fault.
You haven't experienced awkward until you try to tickle someone who isn't ticklish.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
Living on earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the sun.
Retirement is the time in your life when time is no longer money.
Boy : I have a pen you have a phone number. Think of the possibilities. Girl : I have a sandal you have a face. Think of Casualties.
What would you call a woman who goes out with You? Desperate!
What dog can jump higher than a building? Anydog, buildings can't jump!
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Karma takes too long, I'd rather beat the shit out of you just now.
Why can't blondes count to 70? Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
I hate two-faced people. It's so hard to decide which face to slap first.
The road to success is always under construction.
Don't let a man put anything over on you except an umbrella.
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm still looking.
Confucius says Love one another. If it doesn't work, just interchange the last two words.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday!
But do you know what 6.9 is? A good thing screwed up by a period.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
Laziness is when a person doesn't fake that he's working.
Music makes every day better, especially if you turn it up just loud enough to drown out all the people around you.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
All those years of getting horrible elementary school pictures was just society's way of preparing you for your driver's license photo.
Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA? Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and use a lubricant.
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde? You can only fit three fingers inside a bowling ball!
Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? To stop the snoring before it starts.
42 percent of statistics are made up!
Why dont blacks celibrate thanksgiving? KFC isnt open on holidays.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
My wife's not too smart. I told her, our kids were spoiled. She said, "All kids smell that way."
The biggest difference between men and women is what comes to mind when the word 'Facial' is used.
I've put something aside for a rainy day. It's an umbrella.
The proper way to use a stress ball is to throw it at the last person to piss you off.
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
What would martin luther king be if he was white? Alive.
I just want to be rich enough to be referred to as eccentric instead of just nuts.
Told my wife I wanted our kids every other weekend and she reminded me that we're married and live together so I'd have to see them every day.
Just tell me when and where and I'll be there 20 minutes late.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Don't judge women by kilos, and you won't be judged by centimeters.
I plan to donate my liver to an alcoholic so i'll know it's a match
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
Why do women close their eyes during sex? They can't stand seeing a man have a good time.
Loneliness is when a person always knows where all of his things are.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
Maybe if we all sit extremely still, Monday won't be able to see us.
How come "you're a peach" is a complement but "you're bananas" is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
Sometimes waking up means the best part of your day is over!
The sun is going to go out in 4 billion years, and you sit there and act like everything is fine.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
If you're going through Hell, keep going.
You have to be flexible to work here. On many occasions, you'll be asked to bend over and grab your ankles.
I'm in a long distance relationship. My girlfriend is in the future.
One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."
You look like a before picture.
Why are women like KFC? After you've finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
Sometimes I wish life had subtitles.
You're like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
I would like to thank everybody that stuck by my side for those five long minutes my house didn't have internet.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
Men approve of premarital sex until daughters are born.
Life is a comedy for those who think, but a tragedy for those who feel.
Statistically 6 out of 7 Dwarfs are not Happy.
Are you a Nice girl or Good girl?: NICE girls blush when they watch porn, GOOD girls smile cause they know they can do better.
If you keep your feet firmly on the ground, you'll have trouble putting on your pants.
Comedy is tragedy plus time.
What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common? They're married.
A psychiatrist asks a lot of expensive questions which your wife asks for nothing.
Q: What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
A: Nothing, they just waved.
My first child has gone off to college and I feel a great emptiness in my life. Specifically, in my checking account.
